---+ SWI-Prolog Versions

SWI-Prolog is distributed as platform specific package for some popular
platforms (currently MS-Windows, Linux and MacOS X, contact me if you
want to produce binaries for other platforms). The source package
provides NMAKE files for MS-Windows and the GNU autoconf/make suite for
all other systems. It builds flawlessly on a wide range of 32 and 64 bit
platforms with an ANSI C compiler.

As of major version 5, we create stable releases with even minor version
number (5.0.x, 5.2.x, 5.4.x, ...) and beta releases with odd minor
version number (5.1.x, 5.3.x, ...). The beta versions are released
frequently, while stable releases are created to consolidate the end of
a new development. Stable releases are only replaced if really serious
errors are found that affect many users. GIT access to the development
is provided. All releases are tagged as VMajor.Minor.Patch Release
milestones

  $ 5.7.x: Development branch that enhances the virtual machine with
  two purposes: make it a lot easier to understand and modify and make
  it a lot faster. Except for the virtual machine, 5.6.x and 5.7.x are
  kept synchronous. I.e. functionality extensions and bug fixes that are
  not related to 5.7.x are implemented in 5.6.x which is frequently
  merged into 5.7.x. V5.7.x is in the GIT repository pl-57x.git.
  
  $ 5.6.x: Stable branch providing UNICODE handling, unbounded and
  rational arithmetic, enhanced Leuven CHR system, clp(q,r), clp(fd),
  much enhanced (semantic) web libraries, etc.
  
  $ 5.5.x: Development branch introducing wide-character (UNICODE,
  UTF-8) support as well as costraint Logic Programming over Reals
  (clp(R)).
  
  $ 5.4.x: Stable branch providing attributed variables, coroutining,
  CHR (Constraint Handling Rules), infinite trees (cyclic terms) and
  many more. This is the last version that runs on Windows 95/98/ME.
  5.5.x and later require Windows NT, 2000 or XP.
  
  $ 5.2.0: Stable version providing multi-threading.
  
  $ 5.x.y: Moved to uniform LGPL license. Standard distribution contains
  core packages: XPCE (graphics), TCP/IP, CGI, SGML/XML/HTML/RDF, HTTP,
  ODBC and many more.
  
  $ 3.4.5: Version prior to integration. Compliant to the ISO Prolog
  standard (part1).
  
  $ 3.2.9: Last pre-ISO version. As 3.3.0 is not fully upward compatible
  this version will remain on this server for a while. It will not be
  maintained (by us) 
